it may be said that this video is in
part an exercise in futility it may be
said that this video consists of me
answering a list of 99 questions that
some random stranger on the Internet
made up six years ago and that hundreds
of people here on YouTube answered on
camera about five years ago and then
that the whole world forgot about but it
may also be said that this is a slightly
artistic exercise in juxtaposing the
reality of what YouTube used to be with
what YouTube now has become I mean
there's a strange sense in which we can
look back on YouTube as 2015 as an ideal
that today we can't even aspire to
achieve on the same platform there is
this really strange lost avant-garde of
what YouTube used to be maybe primarily
because there was a time when most
people were coming on YouTube without
even the possibility of making money out
of it coming into their minds and maybe
also because people had a greater
appreciation for greater priority on the
extent to which this was a form of dire
ism the G that sounds like a dirty word
making a diary creating a record of your
own life and at the same time reaching
out to strangers to make friends
remember that still to this day if you
think about it technologically there's
no way that any of the applications on
your phone that claim to help you make
friends can possibly compete with what
YouTube does there's no way someone can
look at a photograph of you on Instagram
or tinder or even Facebook and get the
sense of what kind of person you are and
what it's like to talk to you and what
it's like to spend time with you the way
you can get to know somebody on YouTube
but yeah I think you know primarily
because of the you know the money making
instant and maybe secondarily also the
fear the fear of
Bossier the fear that talking about
yourself in a personal honest and
intimate way on YouTube can lead to your
destruction the reality of daxing and
swatting and defamation and I don't know
people calling up your boss and getting
you fired after they see you on YouTube
and disappeared it was like there are
different you know elements that kind of
silenced that core of self-expression
and of reaching out to people in a kind
of honest open-minded way used to be
what YouTube was all about you know
alright so today if you search YouTube
for a question tag you won't even find a
trace of what used to be a major part of
how people made friends how people
socialized how people again that kind of
created a diary of their what was going
on in their lives so they could look
back on it themselves one day here on
YouTube tell if you search question tag
you get youtube videos about English
grammar you know we use the term
question tag in linguistics certain type
of feature of a sentence in English and
if you put in YouTube question tag if
you might think that's all true but no
then you get advice on how you can make
more money how you can do search engine
optimization by adding tags to your
YouTube videos so you know times have
changed I think for a lot of you in the
audience you'll hear this go like oh
yeah that's right people used to make
lists of questions and send them around
to their friends on YouTube on tumblr
you know maybe by email at that time
then people used to make YouTube video
this way look I mean I'm gonna try to
provide something honest and interesting
and valuable in my answers to what are
admittedly a pretty stupid set of
questions right number one do you sleep
with your closet doors open or closed
I assume this question is intended for
really young teenagers maybe people who
still have closet doors open because
they fall asleep afraid there's
something or somebody hiding inside but
happens not not really my problem in
life
do you take the shampoo and conditioner
bottles from hotels I have not used
shampoo or conditioner many many years
do you sleep with your sheets tucked in
or out so currently I live in
semi-tropical Taiwan in the mountains of
Taiwan and you know mosquitoes are
really a going concern so what I do with
my bed sheets has everything to do with
preventing mosquitoes from harassing me
and ruining my night's sleep
currently however mosquitoes were not
enough of a problem here for me to
commit to buying a mosquito net boxing
in my bed with netting the way that I
absolutely had to when I was living in
places like Thailand and Laos so mm-hmm
I Cove but what I do with my bed sheets
is a big part of that coping some of you
might not have thought about that before
but yeah if you want to live in the
tropics you never have to shovel the
snow but your life revolves around
mosquitoes and cockroaches and some of
those other concerns to a much greater
extent than it does in a cold climate
question four have you ever stolen a
street sign before I believe the answer
this is no I did know other teenagers
when I was a teenager who who were into
stealing street signs that kind of thing
and you know I think the truth is I
yearned for more authentic and more
effective forms of rebellion against the
establishment stealing a street sign
just couldn't do it for me and I think
this is still a factor in the contrast
between myself and say other activists
in the vegan movement or I find myself
yearning for a more authentic and more
effective rebellion against the status
quo I'm not interested in doing the
things they they do at the time
question 6 do you cut out coupons but
then never use them apparently back in
the Year 2015 people still had coupons
on paper I was a kid they were a coupons
on paper I haven't seen coupons on paper
in a long long
time I'm just being honest with you
number seven you know what but
newspapers on paper recently to of just
you know out of out of interest living
here in Taiwan of but the newspaper
couple times so I don't I don't see that
right anymore all right number seven
would you rather be attacked by a big
bear or a swarm of bees it's a good
thing they said a big bear not just a
small bear here you know I'm from Canada
getting attacked by bears is no joke
it's a funnier story to tell afterwards
but coping with bees attacking you or
wasps attacking you it's a lot easier to
survive I have to admit so if I've got a
choice I guess I'd rather deal with bees
than bears and I have no allergy I've
been bitten by wasps and bees
you know it's sudden it's it's a lot
easier to deal with than getting bitten
by a bear in my experience number eight
do you have freckles I think at this
point it's safe to say the answer to
that is no do you always smile for
pictures in my case it could be the
opposite you might ask do I ever
it's an awful pictures you to see me
smell on a photo on my Instagram once in
a while
number ten what is your biggest pet
peeve I don't have anything in mind as a
simple answer to this question but given
that we're kind of talking about the
parasocial para reality of YouTube here
you know it really does bother me that
people get in touch with me and they
expect me to actually have a completely
different personality from what I have
on YouTube
many people are delighted to find that
I'm really the same as my YouTube
personality I've mentioned that many
times over the years sometimes people
have met me and talked to me and that
they're stunned to say wow you're
exactly the same person in real life
that you are on YouTube that's cool and
when I first got together with Melissa
my girlfriend I can remember we used to
walk like 45 minutes like you know long
walk from our apartment to the mountain
we used to walk up a mountain for
exercise and you know she could ask me a
question about history or politics and
she could have it could be a 45 minute
you know YouTube video she'd get a
performance just as coherent my youtube
videos are all in scripted you know
asked me to go and I could really
present on the topic of history or
whatever just goes doing YouTube videos
she said many many times that she should
be recording this she said look I should
be recording you while we walk to the
mountain or walk to the grocery store
because this is better than what's on
YouTube so some people are surprised
that way and that's cool
my pet peeve is when instead people get
in touch with me and they expect me to
be like this totally different person
like as if as if that their idea is that
because they're special when they talk
to me or they send me naked pictures
themselves or something all of a sudden
I'm going to be like really warm and
uncritical and supportive towards them
I guess because they love me or they
like me and they just expect me to
reciprocate on critically and it's like
no no no no no the same dude you've seen
on YouTube all these years the same
really kind of rational analytical
incisive but also you know quite harsh
and castigating person that's who I am
all the time you know I noticed that the
last video I did before this one just in
passing I've referred a Jordan
Peterson's daughter who by the way is a
fully grown woman she's not a child or
something she's a fully grown woman who
sells diet books for a living she does
tours promoting her diet book I just
refer to her in passing as a complete
idiot like it's not the main point of
the video hey stop that I reflected you
know that there's some other youtuber or
some other broadcaster who not only
wouldn't do that but it would do the
opposite
who would like take a moment to say in
passing like now I don't want to offend
anyone guys you know I mean I really
respect Jordan Peterson and I really
respect his daughter and she's selling
these diet books on the internet I think
that's great it's like no you just get
from me really raw really real in
passing you know I have no respect for
this person I think a complete idiot you
know in transition from one topic to the
next that's who I am
you know that's Who I am all the time
when the camera is off so they're people
gettin touched me
and then they're hyper fragile to being
exposed to this kind of criticism and
say yeah you you've seen me you've seen
me call 100 other people an idiot and
now you're shocked that I'm calling you
an idiot and like guess what I made
videos time with us I treat women the
same as men if you send me naked
pictures of yourself I'm gonna send you
I'm gonna treat you the same way as
somebody you send me clothes pictures
I'm not I'm not easily seduced by money
like if you're paying me like you know I
don't really feel like you're my boss if
you send me one dollar a month on
patreon I'm not motivated by money that
way you know and I'm not I'm not easily
seduced you know what I mean like it's
not like it's gonna corrupt my sense of
mission and purpose and authenticity and
integrity if you're a good-looking
female and you're flirting with me and
like I feel like I'm immune to that I've
had good-looking women flirt with me my
whole life it's just just doesn't do
anything for me one more the other so
yeah yes that's my that's my incredibly
short succinct and concise answer to two
question number 10 number 11 do you ever
count your steps when you walk in the
past I did wear a watch that
automatically counted my steps that
watch was a gift from my girlfriend
I could start wearing that watch again
it's only interesting if you're living a
lifestyle where you're walking more than
you think you are like whoa okay I
really walked a lot today it in various
parts of my life that's been true
because I've never owned a car so there
have been times my life when I was
walking an enormous distance every day
and that was that was a little bit
interesting but no I've never counted
using my own mind or using a piece of
paper and a pen I've never had a
priority that way for counting my own
steps I just have nothing to do number
twelve have you ever peed in the woods
yes you know I'm from Canada I've been
in the woods
I've been I've been into one of the last
parts of remaining jungle and Laos I
don't really remember peeing but if
you're in the woods of the jungle long
it's gonna happen
have you ever pooed in the woods
possibly not possibly not number 14
do you ever dance even if there's no
music playing yes but it's normally to
make my girlfriend laugh or yeah I can't
think of any other context where that
comes up I've never tried to distract a
police officer by dancing when there's
no music for example but I mean I could
hypothetically think of that scenario
number 15 do you chew your pens or
pencils no that was something I stopped
doing one day I made the decision I did
chew pens and pencils all the way
through childhood and teenage years I
was it was while I was in university and
there was one day when I decided this is
over I'm not gonna do this anymore
and it was over and I know it's a small
thing but you know I share this with you
now by saying that you may have habits
you may have hangups
where you think you're never gonna
change and you're never gonna get over
them you can change you can change real
fast it's always worth reflecting on you
know we have some of these simple
sayings in English simple saying that
masks a complex meaning we say things
like he changed his mind she changed her
mind think about what it means to change
your mind you can change your mind about
chewing on pencils you know you can be a
different person tomorrow than you were
today especially in this in this sort of
habit of mind she always say oh okay I
thought this was I thought this was for
kids most of these questions have been
aimed for kids question 16 was how many
people have you slept with this week let
me tell you something unless you count
the mosquitoes as people hashtag
speciesism I've been sleeping alone
uh-huh 17 what size is your bed it's
definitely big enough for two maybe it's
big enough for three but yeah here in
central Taiwan I have been
being alone you guys know I made a trip
to Greece recently I made a trip to
Canada recently but no here in Taiwan
there's been nothing - nothing to gossip
about in that respect number 18
what is your song of the week I really
stopped listening to music entirely many
years ago I could get into the timeline
of that but right now I mean the only
time I listen to music is probably when
I'm preparing a YouTube video when I'm
looking for music to put in the video I
don't even listen to music when I when I
lift weights when I go to the gym
anymore
and for example when I was in conveying
I did I did listen to music oh when I
was lifting weights not always but often
I was going to the gym multiple times
per day every day that and so but yeah
that was really the last period I had of
listings you to music at all number 19
is it okay for guys to wear pink I have
many many times worn pink on this
channel I haven't gotten any complaints
you know it's definitely true that that
forms of gender identification are
changing in their significance because
their society is becoming more accepting
towards transgender individuals so I
think probably we're moving on to a new
era of people using cultural and
symbolic markers indicate what gender it
is they want to be treated as or called
by or what-have-you
number twenty do you still watch
cartoons you can guess the answer is no
I mean unless I'm sitting with my
daughter but to be honest with you my
daughter who might now haven't seen in
more than 12 months by the way but back
when I did get to see her she was not
into she was not into cartoons we tried
you know she wasn't into it so 21 what's
your least favorite movie Wow Wow and
such a strangely worded question your
least favorite movie it's not asking
what's the most overrated movie but
what's your least favorite movie I
phrased that way I don't I don't really
have an answer for the question it's not
even asking like what's a movie you were
forced to see because you aren't an air
and you resent it now like you know like
like a movie you saw in some
circumstance like that but you know I've
phrased as as such I just I just don't
even answer that question number ooh
let's let's stay on track here see this
is why I need an intern here you know
work the teleprompter I normally don't
read anything on the screen here Oh
where would you bury treasure if you had
some I guess it has to be somewhere you
can find it again but you know if you're
from Canada even on the west coast of
Canada there's empty land absolutely
everywhere there plenty of places to
hide something but you know I guess I
could name one of the buddhist
monasteries up in the mountains of laos
that I have a special memory of there'd
be a fun place to hide treasure there's
one right on the border between Laos and
Thailand I remember but not the most
convenient place to get that treasure
back
number 23 what do you drink with dinner
I wish I could say water but it's not
I'm currently drinking a lot of soy milk
if I want to lose weight if I want to
get leaner I should get rid of the soy
milk and drink water soy milk is the
number one source of fat in my diet for
that reason if I just reduce my soy milk
intake I lose weight at any given time
that's been true for the past several
years say number 24 what do you dip a
chicken nugget in if I had a chicken
nugget I would give it a proper burial
I'd get us speed and dig a hole in my
backyard and read it as last rites and
bury it because I am vegan so I don't I
don't dip no chicken nuggets in nothing
I'm against I'm against the whole system
number 25 what is your favorite food you
know that the truth is I was asked this
many many years ago in a Q&A I'm not
motivated that way I don't think about
food that way I don't feel about food
that way I kind of have a broccoli based
diet most of the time where my diet is
kind of planned around broccoli
currently peas frozen peas or big
programs it's not because I like any of
it you know I really don't live to eat I
do like I have rather monastic taste in
food the last time I was in Toronto with
my
she made black beans rolled up in
flatbread rolled up in like a burrito
black beans with tomatoes diced tomatoes
and tomato sauce I said look I could eat
this three meals a day and never ate
anything else think lettuce and a few
other things they're real simple high
protein nutritious vegan food I can live
my life around that and you know but I'm
you know for many years now I really
don't enjoy eating in this strange sense
so yeah again that's kind of interesting
to talk about but my life changed now
separated from my daughter in many ways
and I do think that's one of the ways
I've changed my my enjoyment my
enjoyment of things I experienced
through my eyes and mine you know my
perception in the world that change and
it changed probably I would say that
kind of came crashing down before my
daughter was born it wasn't wasn't
really right at the time I was separated
from my daughter but then separation
from my daughter was a tragedy that
deepened my nihilistic and ashen view of
life experience of life okay
number 26 what movies could you watch
over and over and still love none unless
I'm doing it for language practice you
know if you're using a movie to memorize
something in Chinese or in French or
something I can imagine doing that but
otherwise I wouldn't do that to myself
number 27 who was the last person you
kissed or who kissed you look I'd love
to tell you guys that I was cheating on
my girlfriend but I'm not so she's the
last person I kissed is the same person
you guys know about from my youtube
channel as my as my girlfriend number 28
were you ever a boy or girl scout no but
my parents did enroll me in the Younger
program that was called the Beavers in
Canada so that's like below Boy Scouts
and I do have I remember I remember all
this stuff in my youth very clearly
yeah and that was a really kind of
pathetic really pathetic Vantage on
Canadian society as a whole that didn't
last that long but
it was really weird I mean I think I was
a really young kid that like I don't
know if that was junior kindergarten
year or kindergarten year grade one I
was a really small kid but it seemed to
me like me and all the smarter kids
picked up on the fact that the
instructors knew they were just wasting
our time and like our parents were just
paying these people to waste to waste
our time it was just like it was worse
it was not even babysitting I mean it's
like your parents had somewhere to be so
they paid these people to do nothing
with you in a gymnasium it's just
ridiculous number 29 will you ever strip
or pose nude in a magazine absolutely
no what's the magazine it's it's more
difficult to imagine what magazine that
would be in foreign policy Financial
Times no number 30 uh when was the last
time you wrote a letter to someone on
paper I think that was writing to my
daughter I can remember drawing pictures
illustrations and writing to my daughter
and sending her stuff in the mail saying
you know your father still loves you I
miss you you know you forget now if I
was writing in English or French and to
be honest might have been already in
French at the time but um you know
saying to her you know you have a father
and I look forward to seeing you again
and so on yeah yeah that's so I have
various memories along those lines of
writing on paper but as you all know
it's less and less a factor in 21st
century life number thirty-one can you
change the oil on a car or no I've never
tried I've never owned a car 32 have you
ever gotten a speeding ticket again no
I'm a lifelong pedestrian I have never
driven a car I've never owned a car
never even rented a car have you ever
ran out of gas please refer to my
answers - 31 32 34 favorite kind of
sandwich I think we covered this at
length I really don't have favorite
foods but again I could eat nothing but
the simple you know black bean and
broccoli diet I was I was describing
before the advantage of peas is that
they're a lot easier to digest than
beans but you know it's I'm just not
worried of that way or not anymore
no not what's left of me not what
remains of me after a life of such you
know tragedies and disappointments there
is nothing left in me that has a
favorite kind of sandwich a man of many
sorrows number 35 the best thing to eat
for breakfast probably what it probably
you should take some frozen peas out of
the fridge pour boiling water over them
and just eat just eat peas peas and
broccoli get get all your vitamins
minerals and protein and for the day
that would be a very impressive
breakfast what is your usual bedtime I
ain't got no usual bedtime number 37 are
you lazy uh back when I was married to
my first wife I said to her many times
that most people assumed I was much more
hard-working than I am and much less
intelligent than I am and we were in
situations like that Smith says in just
I'm making up in a thin air and that
they would be shocked or maybe even
disturbed if they realized that I was
more lazy but also much more brilliant
than I thought I was so you know I had
you know the the lecture I delivered for
example at Oxford University my ex-wife
my first wife she saw me do all the
research all the preparation all the
writing for that I think like it was
like two hours on one day and like three
hours and the next day or something and
that was it and I know most people would
have put you know like two weeks of work
into that for many many hours but no I
put that together and again just like I
dunno gave this very impressive lecture
at Oxford and you know the professor
organized in the event he was
tremendously impressed so on and so
forth so and again I think everyone
there assumed there was a lot of
research and writing time that went into
that but no so back in that period of my
life I said that I was a lot more lazy
and more brilliant than most people
thought I was
looking ahead to the next period of my
life I don't know I'm probably gonna be
less brilliant and more hard-working
maybe I'm wrong maybe I wrong but that's
that's my expectation back when I was at
University of Victoria you know you guys
have already probably heard some of the
videos talking but what my work ethic
was there that was probably a balance of
brilliance I know that was probably more
hard work and less brilliance let's
let's be real not a whole lot of
brilliance got poured into those
University assignments but from the day
I received the assignment from the
professor there's only the first day of
class I would go to the library that day
start doing research that day and that's
why all my research assignments were as
good as they were so that was that was
hard work rather than brilliance yeah so
that's kind of scary so as I'm getting
older maybe I'm getting less lazy but
also less brilliant um I don't know I
feel a lot less intelligent now than
when I was younger but it may also be
that I have higher and higher standards
even applied to myself 32
nope yeah see we need we need a I need
to have a live-in intern I need to have
someone here holding up the title cards
for me what are we up to when you were a
kid what did you dress up for Halloween
so again I remember all this stuff very
clearly but my childhood was very sad so
I never think about it I never never
think about this stuff but I can
remember specific Halloween's but it's
not the case that I dressed up as as the
same thing every year the very first
Halloween I have a participated in when
I was barely tall enough to walk so this
would have been before I started
kindergarten
you know before before great one when I
was a little little tiny kid I simply
took a pillowcase and cut holes for the
eyes I forget if there were two holes
are one hole you know what I think I
think I started with two holes and then
that was too hard to see through so I
cut one hole so it was just a pillowcase
and I winners of course I was a really
tank yet
when people open their door door I said
I am a ghost
and I was such a small kid that year you
know I could barely walk properly like I
was just out of being a toddler and
wearing this pillowcase I would take a
few steps and then fall over because it
was hard to walk with the pillow I was
so tiny the pillowcase was longer than
my entire body right like I was I was so
short and tiny I didn't even fill a
pillowcase and of course what I remember
also was when I was looking up at these
adults who opened their door on
Halloween all of them would just kind of
freaked out at how how cute I was right
like they all found this like kind of
unbelievably cute this tiny pillowcase
saying I am a ghost of course it was
they couldn't even see me I mean I you
know it's just this it was just this
funny thing I mean I don't know it's
people for I guess I was cuter than
other I thought kids dressed up as
vampires or something that scene but
people seem to find this really cute and
endearing so there you go that's one of
my many memories of Halloween number 39
what is your Chinese astrological sign
it is in fact the same as the last name
I use in Chinese you know many of you
will know I have a Chinese name that I
have used since 2007 or 2008 there about
something using the same name in Chinese
for many many years if you don't know if
you're new to my channel I do speak read
and write Chinese to a mediocre extent
Oh number 40 how many languages can you
speak English it's not how many
languages have you studied I've studied
many many languages but I am a master of
just one and I do I do reflect on this I
often see youtubers who don't speak
English nearly as well as I do even
though it's their first language where
they haven't really mastered English and
I think you know what looking back in my
life I'm glad I'm glad I put as much
emphasis as I did on developing my
ability in my first language I don't
look back and wish I'd spent more time
developing mastery of lotion Cambodian
Korean Japanese French German a Jib way
Cree
this is not a complete list of well
pally let's not forget pally language
from India I don't look back and wish
I'd spent more time on those on those
languages instead um 41 do you have any
magazine subscriptions absolutely none
42 what is better Lego or Lincoln Logs I
don't like either one but sure you'd
have to say Lego you know if I'm playing
with my daughter or something 43 are you
stubborn many of you would be shocked to
hear this but the answer really is no I
could get into kind of a long set of
reflections on this but I've pointed
this out in different contacts with
professors even with different authority
figures in my life it's very easy for an
authority figure to try to approach you
as stubborn you have to be prepared for
it because the reality is they just want
you to submit and accept their authority
but a member is saying to Professor you
know like I've switched my major here
three times like you've suggested that I
take a course I said okay and I took the
suggestion I was able to point to things
look the minute you made a positive
suggestion of what I should do I was
going to do it I've come to you and said
what do you want me to do and I did
whatever you like it's just not true
that I'm so stubborn
I can give you like a resume of the
different points in our relationship as
professor and student where you made the
decision you gave direction and I went
with it so now you tell me I'm stubborn
where there's one thing you want me to
do when I'm expressing skepticism no
being skeptical and being stubborn are
two very different things so sometimes
you have to stand up to people and
explain that you're not stubborn and
give real examples of how you've been
willing to take direction how you've
been willing to re-examine mistakes
you've made and take on a new direction
after you had a different direction
before this sort of thing so here's a
question the must be from the distant
past question 44 who is better Leno or
Letterman those are people who were
famous more than 10 years ago but maybe
nobody knows what who that what those
names are today I know one
please 45 ever watched soap operas no
not in any language if you want to learn
Korean South Korea does produce a lot of
good soap operas I'd say that's the best
culture and language for soap operas 45
are you afraid of heights not that I'm
aware of
not compared to other people but you
know I haven't had a lot of practice
where I'd where I know that 47 do you
sing in the car I'm never in a car so
the last 10 15 years of spent almost
zero time in the car
48 do you sing in the shower no 49 do
you dance in the car or please refer
back to my answer for number 47 but you
know what probably the answer is yes if
I spent more time in cars I guess I
would dance in cars just haven't had the
opportunity 50 ever used a gun I think
if the verb is used then the answer is
no I mean I've held a gun but no I've
never used the gun 51 what was the last
time you had your portrait taken by a
photographer probably when I graduated
from high school you know they paid you
know the high school took a portrait of
each person I think it's never happened
since not 52 do you think musicals are
cheesy in a word yes I'm vegan so you
know I'm reluctant to use the word
cheesy but yes
653 is Christmas stressful only because
I'm trying to abolish Christmas I'm a
nihilistic atheist and I don't celebrate
Christmas so I make a big effort to try
to give my daughter a meaningful holiday
that's an alternative to Christmas 54
have you ever eaten a pierogi possibly
not possibly I never have but if I did
as a kid I'd have no great memory of it
probably I did at some point but no I
have no memory of eating for weighs 55
your favorite type of fruit pie fruit
pie has really not been a significant
part of my life but I guess I guess it
would be I guess it would be so G that's
hard to say that's hard to say I eat a
lot of fruit but I mean fruit pie
hmm I guess the higher art is probably
just Apple they're all there's a lot you
can do with Apple you know the French
have many different ways to make an
apple tart a pear though pear tart see
I'm familiar with French cuisine pear
tart is a really refined art too but I
was going to give it to someone like
blackberry that's tough 156 occupations
you wanted to be when you were a kid
yeah I thought a lot about different
Sciences I didn't like the fact that
many of the research Sciences involve
torturing animals I was aware of that
and I thought I might going to botany
for that reason where you're doing
research on plants doesn't involve
torturing mice and what have you or dogs
you know doesn't involve that kind of
research so I did actually think about
botany also as a kid I thought about the
pure Sciences like theoretical physics
but as I found out more about each of
those things I think I made the right
decision in deciding not to pursue any
of them I read books about it now I
remember reading a book about
theoretical physics when I was a small
kid and you know finding out more about
what those fields of science are and
what the job really entails and yeah I
think I made the right decision in in
closing those doors
57 do you believe in ghosts no but I
believe that there are people who see
them because I believe that
hallucination is a very fundamental part
of human life and culture so people both
historically and presently hallucinate
more than they want to admit they do so
ghosts show up in history in every
culture there's an extent to which
people can relatively easily dream while
they're awake
including by the way when you have
common diseases diseases in the ancient
world still today there are a lot of
illnesses that cause hallucination so no
I do not believe in ghosts but I believe
that people people do see things people
do hallucinate to a greater extent than
we want to
is normal in the modern world and that
we forget when we're looking back at the
history of the ancient and medieval
world have you ever heard of deja deja
vu feeling yes I have but most of the
time when you stop and reflect on it you
can figure out why it is you have the
deja vu feeling you know something but
the situation reminds you of something
else there's normally a rational basis
for for why you you felt that way
do you take a vitamin daily yes I'm
vegan I take all kinds of vitamins all
the time do I wear slippers yes it's
hard for me to imagine you know living
in a circumstance where I'd stop but
yeah I've lived in a lot of different
climates in a lot of different
situations and you know I used to live
in cultures in Southeast Asia where it
was super super important to take off
your shoes when stepping into someone's
home or when stepping through a door
they real that was a big deal culturally
ethically you know so those years when I
was living in South East Asia probably
changed the way I saw shoes and slippers
because when I was younger I used to be
barefoot in the house or you know just
socks but I would wear heavy boots all
the time you know in Canada so some of
those things in my life really changed
do I wear a bathrobe not for many years
now no if some of my ex girlfriends are
watching this don't remember me wearing
bathrobes but no it's been many many
years since I was doing the bathrobe
thing you know I could say some x-rated
stuff here but we'll skip it
62 whoo what do you wear to bed I'm
wearing a pajama shirt right now
actually this had a matching pair of
pants that was was pretty terrific too
so this is this is actually a part of a
pajama suit that my current girlfriend
bought me I could go on wearing this
kind of thing but hey man I whatever
sometimes book collapse naked often
enough I wear whatever is good to be
worn 63 first concerts I've been to very
very few concerts in my life but I did
see Bob Dylan perform live when I was a
kid
you know I've been to just a few
concerts so yeah I remember I remember
seeing Bob Dylan perform that was a
conventional white Western you know live
mainstream music concert so I had that
experience just a couple of times and
it's hard for me to believe anyone wants
to waste the time and money to do that I
even for a very accomplished performer
like well I just can't believe I just
can't believe people want to spend
hundreds of dollars in so many hours to
stand there and do that it's really it's
really not worth it um be sure literally
better off staying at home and reading a
book while listening into an album well
listening to music play out of your at
your computer you're better off walking
up a mountain while listening to the
music playing off your mobile phone or
mobile mobile device
um Walmart versus target versus Kmart
that's really not been part of my life
at all I have no opinion when I spent
time with my girlfriend son who's
obvious how out of touch I am with
mainstream American corporate you know
retail it just hasn't really been part
of my life
Nike versus adidas today that's changed
over the years today as a vegan buying
running shoes it's gotta be Nike in 2020
mmm if we're talking about the shoe game
we're not talking about you know zip up
gym pants we're not talking about
clothing you know for the jackets and
track pants
adidas make some use that but for shoes
as a vegan its Nike in 2020 uh Cheetos
or Fritos neither I'm vegan out and
stuff peanuts are sunflower seeds
neither I don't eat this kind of
high-fat food the most high fat thing in
my diet is soy milk and
tofu and stuff with that you know I
would never eat Cheetos Fritos peanuts
or sunflower seeds have I ever heard of
the group treyvion no never heard of
them have I ever taken dance lessons no
not unless you count being a really
small child and you didn't have a choice
no is there a profession you picture
your future spouse doing I think I have
to refuse on that question can you curl
your tongue probably 72 everyone a
spelling bee you've never even
participated in a spelling bee 73 have
you ever cried because you were so happy
no no I've cried because I was sad 74 do
you own any record albums none but you
know I've lived out of a suitcase
everything I own has to fit in a
suitcase because of hope from one home
to the next so many times over the years
do you regularly burn incense huh no no
no not at all I mean back when I was
involved with Buddhism as a religion no
not even then and not now have you ever
been in love yes many times I'm in love
work right now absolutely
I don't know if this was designed for a
much younger person answer but yeah sure
I have had the experience of being in
love many times in many circumstances
and yes I'm in love right now 78 who
would you like to see in concert nobody
refer to the earlier question what was
the last concert you saw number 80 hot
tea or cold tea 81 - your coffee look
I'm really kind of anti caffeine in
general I would prefer to have no
caffeine at all in my life however when
I use caffeine which I do sometimes
whether it's to cope with a common cold
or to cope with jetlag when I drink
caffeine I drink coffee and not tea even
though I like the taste of tea here in
Taiwan the mental effects I find tea
much more dizzying whereas with coffee I
feel I'm just getting the caffeine with
tea you're getting some other kind of
mental effects we feel a little bit out
of it and it messes up my sleep cycle
much more in message that my emotional
state much more drinking tea so if I'm
gonna use caffeine and whenever I'm
using caffeine I'm constantly talking
about quitting caffeine because I want
to get back to zero caffeine and zero
caffeine tolerance it's gonna be coffee
and not tea sugar versus snickerdoodles
not part of my life not part of my not
not part of reality on planet earth is
I've known it eighty-three can you swim
well well enough I would not say I swim
well but I can swim eighty-four can you
hold your breath that only you knows yes
yeah I can go underwater like that 85
are you patient I'm patient when there
was a reason to be patient but I think
ahead and I don't like wasting time so
in a situation where I'm aware that
something is a waste of my time
then I am impatient for that reason so
whether you perceive me as patient or
impatient will be relative to whether or
not you agree with my assessment that
something is or is not a waste of time
86 DJ were banned at your wedding yeah
well I already have been married once I
think I've got to tell you I would
neither want a DJ nor a band at my
wedding
unless he did like a drum circle or
something you could do he do Japanese
drumming you could do a Caribbean steel
drumming I don't know could you have
participatory drumming where everyone
who attends drums together that would
that be too dorky no but there were
those there were those competitive
drumming games for for the Nintendo Wii
right could we work that in my idea of a
wedding may not be your idea of a
wedding guys I'm willing to be creative
but I'm not willing to have people dance
too you know Parliament Funkadelic
played by a DJ it's not not when I'm
about at my wedding
87 ever won a contest yes 88 ever had
plastic surgery no um as you can tell I
probably the guys notice I never even
really had any work done on my teeth so
you can tell my teeth are naturally
crooked and to some extent naturally
straight but whatever know if I've never
had anything whatsoever done 89 which
are better black or green olives so I
had a job working at Whole Foods the
grocery store and I worked in that
department the department that included
the expensive olive selection right
where people can take a spoon and serve
their own almost not just olives in jars
but open-air olives and I have to tell
you black olives are better there are
obviously many different varieties of
black olives but black olives are indeed
the more refined art form 90 can you
knit or crochet when I was a kid I could
when I was a kid I could crochet but I
today I assume the answer is no I'd have
to get back to basics and study again
what is the best room for a fireplace I
would assume the central room in your
house so that it heats all the other
ninety-two do you want to get married
yes I want to be married all the time I
don't want to be married to my ex-wife
my first wife but yeah sure if I could
I'd basically be married all the time
one way or another with one 21st century
postmodern arrangement or another yeah I
mean I'm a real open-minded of what
about what marriage means in practice my
ex-wife was to by the way you know
whether it's open relationship or you
know whether it's a group of people
living together and cooperating and
raising kids together
I mean raising kids really requires more
than two people and you don't have to be
having sex with all those people you can
have people who come together and form a
family and work together to raise kids
who have things in common you know and
and maybe nobody's having sex with
anybody maybe you're all celibate I
don't even care but having a community
having a sense of a small tribe having a
family that really works together and
marriage being a part of that sure sure
man those are those are huge priorities
in my life and and always have been you
could say I mean how far back always
goes would be another trip down memory
lane 94 who was your high school crush
man for me high school was a long time
ago when it lasted a long time I had a
crush on a bunch of different women I
pursued a bunch of different women most
of the time my pursuit of them was
reciprocated sorry why what is a crush
only supposed to be someone who didn't
reciprocate I can remember examples of
that also I guess they just want a name
I guess that is one a one-word answer
but you know the the problem for me in
high school there were there were a lot
of really really beautiful women there
were a lot of beautiful women who were
interested in me or who quickly became
interested me when I just talked to them
many times many times either the women
who were stunningly beautiful really
amazed and some of those women went on
to become models and one of them wanted
to become a TV actress I mean so one of
them went on to become a stripper she
said she's another story you know so
it's not just my opinion that they were
track
women a lot of them went on to do jobs
that were they exploited their you know
socially recognized form of of beauty
but you know my main problem again and
again and again was that these women
were too stupid for me so even if you
meet someone and they were attractive
and as soon as you're talking to them
it's like am I gonna lie to myself and
tell myself this person is smart enough
for me and you know I really couldn't do
it so that was the main shadow cast over
my life already in high school let alone
university is that you know and and you
know you got a try
you got a try you gotta try to you know
you gotta try to take lemons and make
lemonade you got to try to love people
on their terms not on your terms you got
to try to love people for their demon
qualities they have not the redeeming
qualities you wish they had but yeah I
got a problem with having a crush on
stupid people or falling in love with
him being in a relationship with you oh
it doesn't it doesn't really work for me
all right coming down to the last couple
questions here 95 do you cry threw a fit
until you get your own way one-word
answer no 96 do you have kids I have one
kid and you've already heard a lot about
her 97 do you want kids yeah sure I want
the one daughter I have who might now
haven't seen for more than 12 months I
also want say one more child I could I
mean depending on the situation you know
what depending on the situation I could
have two three four or five more kids I
could actually but I assume that there's
maybe just one more child in my future I
don't know yeah no I mean it depends on
yes III would like to have more children
plural or one more child we'll see
what's will see what's possible and you
know what the other thing is I have the
maturity and attachment that if it's not
possible I just wouldn't I just wouldn't
have another kid it's easy for me to
imagine also circumstances what would be
really unwise for me to take on the
further responsibility and risk of
having a second kid number 98 what is
or favorite color they got the toughest
questions for last oh this this question
doesn't make sense to me
I think something my girlfriend knows
about me it's not a specific favorite
color but I really do intentionally buy
things with strong contrasting colors
that make them easy to find so for
example this is a speaker this is a
portable speaker plays music from your
computer please whatever audio is coming
out of your computer you can listen to
YouTube videos with it I would
intentionally prefer something like this
be bright red or bright orange a lot of
electronic gadgets are just black this
is a cell phone and then they just
disappear you know you have a black item
sitting on a black desk so I do
intentionally buy things that are bright
orange and bright red that integrate
into my life that way so that when
you're looking around your apartment you
can you can find them more easily so
that is a kind of favorite color but I
mean it could be right green it could be
anything I do intentionally tend to buy
objects in colors that will make them
easy to recognize and easy to find
question number 99 do you miss anyone
right now well my girlfriend Melissa is
disqualified because I'm gonna see her
again just a few days from now in the
future yes I miss my daughter